I saved a brother who drowned 20 years ago.
We're going to marry him when we grow up.
I'm you.
You're my brother.
That long.
I'm the wrong person.
Mr. Wang
How can you admit a mistake?
Your eyes are bleeding.
This is the pocket watch my brother gave me.
Here's his picture.
So...
Is this you?
Right.
When I went to the wedding shop.
Ning Yan wears a wedding dress.
I hate this pocket watch of his.
So I'd rather fake my identity.
Let me have no doubt.
Lie to me.
My brother broke the contract and took my pocket watch.
The glory of the precious flower
Killed so much.
Turn us around.
Fortunately, now the truth is out.
We also have enough evidence.
Just take him to the police station.
It can't be that cheap.
Take care of it for me next.
How are you going to handle it?
He has to pay.
Doesn't he really want a wedding?
Then I'll give him a marriage he'll never forget.
Congratulations lady finally opened a good day to try to marry you.